Mention on a few pages that minlength/maxlength only work on user input (#34402)
mdn/content: files/en-us/web/html/attributes/minlength/index.md

The input will fail constraint validation if the length of the text value of the field is less than minlength UTF-16 code units long, with {{domxref('validityState.tooShort')}} returning `true`. Constraint validation is only applied when the value is changed by the user. Once submission fails, some browsers will display an error message indicating the minimum length required and the current length.

> `minlength` does not imply [`required`](/en-US/docs/Web/HTML/Attributes/required). An input only violates `minlength` if the user has input something. If an input is not required, it can be empty even if `minlength` is set.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`minlength` does not imply [`required`](/en-US/docs/Web/HTML/Attributes/required); an input only violates a `minlength` constraint if the user has input a value. If an input is not `required`, an empty string can be submitted even if `minlength` is set.
```
